A1- 

Almost kitchen items are made of plasticc, and when the plastic heated, the chemicals in plastic produts can be leached into your foods.this some of Eco-friendly products privent it.This tool make easier in kitchen wroks.


A2=

Clay pots
Reuseable snach bags
biodegradble trash bags
Reusable tea strainer
Dish towels and bamboo alternatives


A3

These use Eco-friendly row materials in the manufacturing process such as bamboo, fibers of trees , wickers etc.


A4

You  can buy these products at diffrent prices from as little as $1.


-----------------------------------

B1

It involves the use of alternative recyclable or biodegradable materials witch,during processing, produce less pollution.Also it's sustainable as well.


B2


package box made witch papers
paper wrapings
bags made with fibers and wickers.



B3

In manufacturing process using Eco-friendly raw materials such as fibers, Elephant poops, wickers ,woods


B4

Very cheap and available in the market.


---------------------------------------


C1

This products also attempts to minimize the impact on environment and it has made a huge difference  in the feild of fashion as well as revolutionized.

c2

hand bages
Eco-friendly clothes
Shoes
bangles
makeup tools.


C3

In manufacturing process uses leathers, fibers etc.


C4
Most of the products are very expensive in the market and also available in the market at normal prices as well.



D1

Eco-friendly fancy items now become more trending in today world. Beacause of their beauty and attractive price ,many people are tempted
to buy.

D2


vases
wall decorations
dream catches
curpacts
curtains


D3


In manufacturing process uses leathes, fibers etc.



D4

Most of the products are very expensive in thee market and also avaible in the market at normalprices as well.




E1

With the emergence of new concepts as well as Eco-friendly thinking it is evident that the demand for this Eco-friendly Statineries is incresing in modern society.



E2

plantable penclis
Natural erasers
Art drowing pads
Bamboo pen holders
bamboo pencil boxes



E3


Use bamboo, woods for manufacture process



E4




can purchase at noemal prices.













Now we've many different types of environmentally friendly products to show that you can easily
replace some of your purchased plastic products. Replacing them can virtually eliminate
disposable plastic pollution in the world.

Also setting an example and live and in mind,making sure that the products you buy are manufactured 
with both ethics and the environment is theOne of the best ways to combat plastic pollution.




--------------------------------------------------------------

Sri Lanka was an island inhabited by people who have been closely associated with nature since ancient
 times. They depended on the environment for their daily needs and tools. With the technological 
advancement of mankind, as a result of industrialization, the relationship with nature seemed to
 gradually erode. As a result of that, there was a lot of talk about environmental pollution. In the
 face of this situation, the need for a sustainable solution arose. As a result, the theme of 
eco-friendly products came to the fore. Manufacturers at various levels were created to meet those 
needs. A handful of such emerging manufacturers have also made it possible for their customers to
 purchase their products online. Here are several manufacturers who have achieved a reputation in 
the last few years.






























